Annotations priority docs (#2683)
buildkite/docs: pages/apis/rest_api/annotations.md

      <p class="Docs__api-param-eg"><em>Example:</em> <code>"coverage"</code></p>
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th><code>priority</code></th>
    <td>

>       An integer value by which to order the annotations on the build. This allows influencing the order of annotations. Ranges from 1 to 10, with 10 being the highest priority and 1 being the lowest. If priority is not set, the default priority is 3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      An integer value used to order the annotations on the build, allowing for controlled prioritization. Priority levels ranges from 1 to 10, with 10 being the highest priority and 1 being the lowest. If not specified, annotations default to a priority of 3.
```

seeing if I can make the phrasing just a little more concise :)
